In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous! Simply the best!
♪ Up to the test
♪ When things go wrong!
♪ Miraculous! The luckiest!
♪ The power of love,
always so strong!
♪ Miraculous!
♪ Miraculous! ♪
(Kwamis protest all at once)
- It's not fair.
- Please! Please!
You know why you can't come.
When he made me the guardian,
his memory was magically erased.
Now Master Fu
is just like everyone else.
He can't know about
the Miraculous, my identity
or you kwamis.
Come on, Tikki, let's go!
It's not fair!
Why does Tikki
get to go and not us?
I'm sorry, but you know
I can't leave Marinette,
in case
she needs to transform!
But what if we hide, too?
Then he'd never see us!
- That'd be OK then, right?
- We want to make sure he's OK!
He took care of us for
more than 100 years, you know!
I know,
but you'll have to let him
live his new life
with his soulmate.
It's my turn
to take care of you!
Marinette, even so,
you know Master Fu trusted me
to help him protect
the Miracle Box.
I was more than just his kwami.
I was his friend.
And I miss him so much!
I understand, but...
All right, you can come, Wayzz!
(Other kwamis protest loudly)
- I wanna go!
- Please!
I just can't take
all of you at once!
- Why not?
- Why, why, why, why, why?
Because...
Because the Miracle Box
has to be guarded.
That's why!
So what you're saying
is if one of us
stays here to keep watch,
the rest of us can come, right?
- Huh? What? Of course not!
- (All protest)
- How do we choose who stays?
- Let's let fate decide.
- Yeah, let's do Kwami-kwawho!
- Kwa-what?
Kwami, kweemi, kwoomi, who?
The special chosen one is you!
- There! Marinette stays!
- Yeah!
Oh, no, you don't!
That's cheating!
Besides, I'm the guardian.
I get to decide! Period!
- She leaves us no choice.
- Operation Kwami
Baby-Doll Eyes!
Please!
(Sighs) Fine.
(Sighs)
Any kwami willing to volunteer?
The kid has a point.
What if a villain
or a sentimonster shows up?
I have a bad feeling about this!
You go! I'll keep watch!
- En garde, my lord!
- Thank you, Baark!
- Come on, everyone inside!
- Woohoo!
But I'm warning you. Not even
a peep out of any of you!
- Yeah!
- You're peeping!
By Jove, we are not
out of the woods yet, my lord!
Ready?
(Kwamis start singing)
Ugh, this phone,
starting on its own again!
If it doesn't stop now, I swear
it's gonna end up in the trash!
- Uh...
- (Nervous laugh)
- Hi, Marianne!
- Hello, Marinette!
Do you remember her, my love?
She's the girl who found
you after your boat accident.
The accident
that caused your amnesia.
I'm so happy to see you again,
Master... I mean... Mister Fu!
My dear child, you reunited me
with my beloved Marianne.
I can never thank you enough!
Yes, life in London
has been quite wonderful.
Wang discovered
a passion for painting!
Actually, as a thank you
for helping me,
I want to give you
this painting.
Thank you. It's really...
- Am I holding it the right way?
- Ha, ha, ha! Yes.
I'm not sure myself
what it's supposed to represent.
But when I think of you,
this is what I see.
So, there you go.
What's this?
That's such a cute little doll!
- Is it yours?
- (Laughs)
Yes, it probably fell out
when I took out the cake.
- He touched me! He touched me!
- I didn't show you,
it talks, too! Heh, heh, heh!
He touched me! He touched me!
(Laughs) So, what are you gonna
do while you're visiting Paris?
Paint, of course! Montmartre!
The Tuileries Garden!
The banks of the Seine!
Is there any better place
to paint than Paris?
- Go on, don't mind me!
- (Laughter)
- Another slice of cake?
- Please.
He looked as strong as a tiger!
- Unusual painting, though!
- Is there is still cake?
Aaah!
I told you
I had a bad feeling about this!
How come you're in possession
of the Mother Box, young lady?
Uh...
Who are you?
That's Grand Master Su-Han,
the Celestial Guardian
of the Miracle Box!
- But I'm the Guardian!
- The Celestial Guardian
was in charge of it before that
"incident" caused by Master Fu!
- How did you find me?
- Our staffs hold compasses
that allow the boxes
to be tracked at all times.
Hey, that's not fair!
Why didn't I get a staff?
Precisely because
you are not a true guardian!
This is all a misunderstanding.
The shape of the box proves it!
But... I don't get it!
Master Fu entrusted it to me!
Fu? As in "Wang Fu", also known
as "Whiny Chicken Leg"?
That incompetent disciple unable
to spend one day without eating,
or do finger push-ups?
Fu should never have been
a guardian!
That low-life
never lived up to the hopes
- that were placed in him!
- He may have made mistakes
when he was young, but
he protected the Box for years!
He even sacrificed himself
and erased his own memory
to save us! And now,
he's become a great painter!
That old man
is Whiny Chicken Leg? Wait...
- Some kwamis are missing.
- When Fu gave me the Box,
he already lost Nooroo, Duusuu,
and their Miraculous,
- the Butterfly and the Peacock!
- He's lost some Miraculous too?
He's even more incompetent
than I thought!
Plagg!
Young girl, where is Plagg?
That I know!
Cat Noir is his holder!
- And who is Cat Noir?
- Well, I don't know,
since we're supposed to keep
our identities secret!
So, this is the modern world,
protected by
a group of careless fools!
Guardians must never wear
Miraculous! Some jewels missing
and Plagg roaming free?
The end of dinosaurs
and dragons...
Doesn't that alarm anyone?
That's enough!
Kwamis, get in yin-yang pairs
and back inside the Box.
What are you doing?
Let me remind you about some
of the precepts you have broken.
Precept 14. Kwamis
must not live outside the Box.
Precept 52. Guardians
must never lose a Miraculous.
Precept 133. A guardian cannot,
under any circumstances,
wear a Miraculous!
But Master Fu wore one himself!
Precisely! That just proves
what I've been saying all along.
Neither you nor Fu
were up to the role of guardian.
You have not respected
the ancient rules of our Order.
Not to mention that no child
should be a keeper of kwamis.
They are ultra-powerful
cosmic entities!
One must manage them with
authority, which you cannot do!
En garde, my lord!
Challenging me is akin to
pulling on the tiger's whiskers,
- you villain!
- Whoa! Easy, there! Calm down!
- It's just a movie! See?
- Such a powerful spell!
How did that warrior end up
in this prison
of glass and metal?
Anyway,
we must waste no more time!
Take me to Cat Noir, young lady!
Do you think
this is a good idea?
I don't know. It might be best
to do as he says.
After all,
he is the Celestial Guardian!
I guess you're right.
Tikki, spots on!
What are you doing
to your weapon?
Well, this is my Bugphone,
to talk to Cat Noir.
You don't have to send doves
to communicate with each other?
We are not out of the woods yet,
my lord!
Hello, Milady!
Is this the wonderful guest
- you mentioned in your message?
- Of course. Another child.
- Cat Noir, this is --
- I am Grand Master Su-Han,
the Celestial Guardian
of the Box!
What? Aren't you
supposed to be the Guardian?
When the lion speaks,
the cub listens!
First off, you two are going to
hand over your Miraculous to me.
What? That's a bad joke!
And I know all about bad jokes!
But we can't do that!
How will we defeat Shadow Moth
without our Miraculous?
I will reassign them
to carefully selected adults,
like any rightful,
responsible guardian would do.
We can't just give
our Miraculous
to some guy who just showed up!
I... I don't know.
The kwamis confirmed that he is
the real original guardian.
Maybe Grand Master Su-Han is
right and Master Fu was wrong.
Maybe that's the reason why
we can't defeat Shadow Moth.
That's ridiculous!
You've always delivered!
Trust yourself, Ladybug,
like I trust you.
If I have to give my Miraculous
back, then fine, I will.
But only if you ask me to.
You're the only guardian here.
Then it's settled. Order him
to give you his Miraculous
and let's be done with this.
Then I'll retrieve the Box.
But if I do it,
won't my memories get erased?
Does that mean
you won't remember me?
You want my ring?
Then come and get it!
- Fine.
- Cat Noir, calm down!
That's a guardian!
We'll find a solution!
Why do you think guardians study
for so many years?
Just to hand the Miraculous
out to whomever?
No! We are specially trained to
overpower the Miraculous holders
who have gone rogue, like you!
Celestial Storm!
The Thousand Fists of the Yama
bring the Nefarious One down!
- Master Fu was much nicer!
- His mirakung-fu was worse!
Grand Master! The last I heard,
I was the Guardian.
And I say that Cat Noir keeps
his Miraculous and I keep mine!
Insolent subordinate!
Stream of Justice!
Blows rain down and submerges
the Enemy Armies!
I don't know how, but he's
guessing our moves in advance!
(Battle cries)
My mirakung-fu is like water,
it adapts
and it finds its way anywhere.
And you are barely afloat at
the mercy of the river current!
Ugh!
Cat Noir, grab his staff!
The claws of the cat
are powerless
against the milkman's iron pot!
- En garde, my lord!
- Has the warrior escaped?
- Got it!
- What?
Bye-bye!
If you challenge the clouds,
you will face the thunder!
I feel a mixture
of mysterious emotions.
A scorned authority...
A confused man, defeated...
But most of all,
an anger ready to explode!
Fly away, my evil akuma,
and let the lava of punishment
erupt from his volcanic heart!
Argh! If I still had my staff,
I'd hunt you down in no time!
Fu!
Hand over your staff!
- You don't deserve it anyway!
- Have you lost your mind?
Leave my partner alone!
An akuma! Whirlwind of Wisdom!
The Virtuous Wind
resists the Temptation!
My anger is mine,
but I am not my anger.
Enough! Fool, you're making me
lose precious time.
Marianne! Are you OK?
Where do you think you're going?
You will apologise to my partner
and give my cane back at once,
- you boor!
- Oh...
everything is not lost
after all.
Turn around, my little akuma!
- Fu, we meet again!
- Do I know you?
Furious Fu, I am Shadow Moth.
That heartless thief
has disrespected
you and your partner.
I'm giving you the power
to make him pay!
Show him who is in charge!
All I ask in return are Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Could you repeat that once more?
I didn't catch all of it.
(Sighs) Do you want to get
revenge on this man
- and get your cane back?
- Do I ever!
Then let's proceed!
(Gasps)
Which way did he go?
My love, please,
it's not worth it!
That reckless toad will not spit
in the dragon's face
without apologising!
Find!
at do we do?
Should we hide it?
And then what?
He knows who I am anyway.
He knows where I live!
Ladybug! Cat Noir!
Give me the Box
and your Miraculous!
Return them to the right hands!
Hey! That's Master Fu's cane!
I want my cane! And an apology!
Thunderbolt!
- Give it!
- Never!
Furious Fu! Bring me that box!
Goal!
Hey!
Teleportation!
1-0, Ladybug!
Red card! He touched
the ball with his hand!
No! Higher! Watch out!
No, not like that!
You're so slow!
Come on! Not that way!
Hey, Bossy Pants, would it
kill you to help us out here?
Mirakung-fu
is designed to neutralise
rebellious Miraculous holders,
not to fight villains
created through magic.
So we're supposed to
fix your mistakes?
Phantom Palms of the Awakened!
The wise man moves mountains
without touching them!
You're next.
The Hundred Thousand
Dragon Talons!
The Pagoda-Breaker Iron Feet!
The Rage of the Centipede
with Ingrown Nails!
Statue! Finally!
Well done, Furious Fu!
Now you must keep your word
and bring me Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous!
Very well! So, I have to take
the wingless bat's bell, right?
- No, not his bell! His ring!
- I am not a wingless bat!
Cat Noir, wait!
We'll never defeat him.
- What?
- We just need him
- not to defeat us either!
- You lost me!
- I must make a call! Cover me!
- That I can do!
The kitten
can miaow all he wants,
but he will never
roar like the tiger!
Lucky charm!
Perfect!
What is she up to?
Vision!
Oh, so this is
your silly little plan?
I know what you gonna do!
We're not done yet!
Cataclysm!
No!
You're going to turn yourself
into cat food!
Take this! And that!
There! Voilà! We win!
Win? You foolish beetle!
We're just stuck, now!
I can't defeat you,
but you can't defeat me!
Oh, but my plan was
never to defeat you myself!
Sorry, I need to borrow that.
There, exactly like you said
on the phone, Ladybug!
Thank you, Marianne!
That was perfect!
No more evil-doing
for you, little akuma!
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye, little butterfly!
Miraculous Ladybug!
- Pound...
- Oops! sorry!
Pound it!
Here. Carry this
with you at all times.
It will protect you
from attacks.
And it will remind me
of you every day!
Thank you,
Lady Beetle and Mister Bat.
(Laughs)
I'm terribly sorry.
Forgive me, Whiny Ch... Uh! Sir!
I... I mistook you for someone
who has been long gone.
Don't worry about it.
It's already forgotten.
Be careful with your Magic Box,
Guardian of the Miraculous,
you wouldn't want
to lose it again.
The Bat and the Red Beetle
were incredible.
Paris is always filled
with people
ready to devote themselves
for the greater good.
- Like you, Marinette!
- You should thank Marianne.
From what I heard, she was
the true superhero of the day!
Involving Marianne in the fight,
a human without powers,
was against the precepts too!
This has proven two things...
First, you have the audacity
to invent your own rules!
And as crazy as it may seem,
somehow they all work!
Second, your natural instincts
tell you who can trust,
an essential quality
for a guardian.
Whiny Chicken...
Sorry, Master Fu
may not have made
such a bad choice after all.
The Miracle Box
is the mother of all boxes.
It's the very first one
that was created
and the one that holds
the most powerful magic jewels.
I cannot imagine
what would happen if it fell
into the wrong hands.
But I am going to trust you.
I'll watch you from a distance.
But be weary. One failure
and I'll take the Box back.
I will make the most
of my time here in Paris
to get accustomed
to modern life.
How can I be a good guardian
if I don't try to understand
the world around me?
Thank you, Master.
I have something for you too!
I think you're gonna need these!
(Laughter)
(Miraculous theme)